 GH Palace Walls Level 6 - Tower Top




(1,6,5)
 
The people far below on North Main Street seem smaller than stratian berries.
You're as high here as Palace Grimhaven is tall, as tall as anything in all the land across all the horizons, except the Grimhaven Casino.


(2,6,5)
 This is really high abreast the palace and over the garrison.
 Below, training warriors look small and puny.
 The stoic nature of the view to the north is so compelling.
 After the city garrison, outside the city, far to the north past some carefree flecks of water lies a distant stadium where the very earth appears to be shaking.
 
(3,6,5)
 
Usually only palaces go up this high, but up you have gone.
Flying near Palace Grimhaven, 
And it's a long ways down, too!
 
(4,6,5)
 Here's a great old view of Old Grimhaven!
 Look out, there's Adder's Coffee and across the walls there are the fields where the food grows.
 And it's so exclusive - If you ashed from here, it might land on the King's balcony!
 

(5,6,5)
 Here is the air above and northeast of Palace Grimhaven.
Depending on the wind, a sweet scent might be caught from the kitchen of a restaurant way down below. 
Heck, this place is far enough from the town dump that all the air smells good and sweet, just like when you're adventuring outside the city walls.
The grass is such a long ways down below, so landing might be an issue.
 

(1,5,5)

(2,5,5)
The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.

(3,5,5)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
 

(4,5,5)

The tippy top of the Palace is almost close enough to touch.
 
(5,5,5)
 Standing on high, you remind the Palace that it is not the only one up here.
 Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(1,4,5)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall - but here you are. 
It's a long drop to the grass below.
 
(2,4,5)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
The palace radiates an energy that is barely discernable from the air, it is so strong!
 

(3,4,5) 



(4,4,5)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
 If the transition from thin air to the tip of a palace appeals to you, then west is a natural choice.
Otherwise, it's up to nature how long you can defy her until she pulls you down and eats you up on the cement roof of the palace below.


(5,4,5)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
You are about as tall as this one, give or take a head, standing this high.
 It's a long ways down.
 But it's there, way down there.
The World.


(1,3,5)
 This is high above Grimhaven, high above the palace lawn.
 Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are and a palace. 
It's a long ways down and anyone who wants to do so safely has got some figuring to do.
There's a church across the road, whether that helps or not.
 
(2,3,5)
 The top of the Palace is just within arm's reach from here.
 You've got to hand it to the next guy, because when else can you hand the top of a palace to any guy!
 

(3,3,5)
 The top tower of Palace Grimhaven is just outside of an arm's reach of here.
 Take the cup and go on top of the tower or take the fall way down below.
 
(4,3,5)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
It's about as far as from the edge to the center of a standard carousel.
 

(5,3,5)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 

(1,2,5)
 
The summit of modern living crests here, just a ways from the top of Palace Grimhaven.
 Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(2,2,5)
 This is the best view of the city church, the orphanage, and the city park that could be possible.


(3,2,5)
 

(4,2,5)
 This is a great view of the city of Grimhaven!
From far below on the Queen's balcony of the palace, her thoughts must rise to this height.
 

(5,2,5)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 

(1,1,5)
 
Those adventurers with noses had better clear them. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(2,1,5)
 
In the old days they saved heights like these hidden away, but here they are. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(3,1,5)
 
Heights to this extent are normally reserved for the tops of palaces, but today an exception has been made for you. 
It's a dastardly darn long ways down.
 
(4,1,5)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but an adventurer right here measures up just every bit as tall. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(5,1,5)
 
Whatever adventurers got eyes better look out and hope for a safe landing.
 It's a terribly long ways down.
 







