 GH Palace Walls Level 7 - Sky

(1,6,6)
 People far, far below on North Main Street seem smaller than stratian berries.
You're higher here than Palace Grimhaven is tall, taller than anything in the land across all horizons except the Grimhaven Casino.


(2,6,6)
 This is really high above the palace and the garrison and everything.
 Far below, training warriors look small and puny.
 The stoic nature of the view to the north is so compelling:
 After the city garrison, outside the city, far to the north past some carefree flecks of water lies a distant stadium where the very earth appears to be shaking.
 
(3,6,6)
 Looking directly south and down across the top of the palace aligns with a distant 


(4,6,6)
Wow, what a great view of Old Grimhaven!
 Look out below, there's places to eat, drink, be merry, train as a warrior, and across the walls to the north there are the fields where the food grows.
This view is from high in the sky, even higher than the palace is tall!


(5,6,6)
 Here is some open air above and northeast of Palace Grimhaven.
Depending on the wind, a sweet scent might be caught from the kitchen of a restaurant way down below. 
This place is far enough from the town dump that all the air smells good and sweet, just like when you're adventuring outside the city walls.
Soft-looking green grass is such a long ways down below, that landing might be an issue.
 

(1,5,6)
 You're in charge of the whole northwest quadrant of Grimhaven up here. 
You control the horizontal and the vertical movements, and the financial transactions of all the citizens.
It is plain where they go to church, where they get their knives sharpened, and where they get their shoes repaired.
You are God.
 
(2,5,6)

(3,5,6)


(4,5,6)


(5,5,6)



(1,4,6)
 


(2,4,6)



(3,4,6) 
Boundless views limited only by perception and weather conditions range 


(4,4,6)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
 If the transition from thin air to the tip of a palace appeals to you, then west is a natural choice.
Otherwise, it's up to nature how long you can defy her until she pulls you down and eats you up on the cement roof of the palace below.


(5,4,6)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
You are about as tall as this one, give or take a head, standing this high.
 It's a long ways down.
 But it's there, way down there.
The World.


(1,3,6)
 This is high above Grimhaven, high above the palace lawn.
 Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are and a palace. 
It's a long ways down and anyone who wants to do so safely has got some figuring to do.
There's a church across the road, whether that helps or not.
 
(2,3,6)
 The top of the Palace is just within arm's reach from here.
 You've got to hand it to the next guy, because when else can you hand the top of a palace to any guy!
 

(3,3,6)
 The top tower of Palace Grimhaven is just outside of an arm's reach of here.
 Take the cup and go on top of the tower or take the fall way down below.
 
(4,3,6)
 The tip top of the Palace is almost within an arm's reach of here.
It's about as far as from the edge to the center of a standard carousel.
 

(5,3,6)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 

(1,2,6)
 
The summit of modern living crests here, just a ways from the top of Palace Grimhaven.
 Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 
(2,2,6)
 This is the best view of the city church, the orphanage, and the city park that could be possible.


(3,2,6)
 

(4,2,6)
 This is a great view of the city of Grimhaven!
From far below on the Queen's balcony of the palace, her thoughts must rise to this height.
 

(5,2,6)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but here you are. 
It's a long ways down.
 

(1,1,6)
This is the southwest edge of the Royal Family's private airspace, far above the palace walls.
A virtual beeline between the tip top of Palace Grimhaven and the tip top of the Grimhaven Casino would pass directly through you here.
 So beware bees with money.
You can see the bald spot in Prince Theoman's statue in Center Square far below.
 It's a long ways down.
 
(2,1,6)
 
In the old days they saved heights like these hidden away for only the most powerful wizards and birds, but today here they are. 
And it's a long ways down.
 
(3,1,6)
 
Heights to this extent are normally reserved for the tops of palaces, but today an exception has been made for you. 
It's a dastardly darn long ways down.
 
(4,1,6)
 
Only palaces are normally this tall, but an adventurer right here measures up just every bit as tall. 
Those adventurers with noses had better have a handkerchief ready in case of a nosebleed. 
Here's a long, long ways up.
 
(5,1,6)
 This is the top southeast corner of the Royal Family's private airspace.

Whatever adventurers got eyes better look out and hope for a safe landing.
 It's such a long ways down.
 






