 GH Palace Walls Level 2



(3,1,1) Above Front Lawn
An absolutely smashingly large and surreally ornate palace squarely faces a dastardly daring green lawn lying down below. 
The altitude here and the distance from the palace affords the perfect cherry view of the large and undeniably impressive residence.
Before the residence to the north, just below here, a large archway stands before the grand front door.
The main defense walls rise to about this height on all sides, and the southerly one stands here blocking off a wide and clean street.
Above all, the palace spires twist away into the sky.

(2,1,1) 
A capitally ornate and very impressively large palace squarely faces an absolutely smashingly plush lawn that lies below. 
Its main defense walls rise to about this height, and separate the area from a wide, clean street to the south. 
Then the one forms a kind of alley around past the west side of the palace.

(4,1,1) 
An very impressively ornate, and capitally large palace squarely faces an absolutely smashingly very plush lawn that lies below. 
Its main defense walls rise to about this height and separate the area from a wide and clean street to the south, and to the north form a sort of corridor around the east side of the palace.


(2,2,1) Princess' Balcony
This alcove has got to be the quietest little nook along the vicinity of North Main Street and East King's Way, the notoriously rough-and-tumble courses through city Grimhaven which it overlooks. 
The Princess, or someone appointed by the Princess, has seen to the coordination and arrangement of many flora with flowers akin to the specs of sunlight off an iced tea. 
Some of the hedging and the ivy across the gap to the Palace Walls have been sculpted and pruned into concave baffles.
The holy cross atop the church across the street looks like a scaled-down miniature version of the Grimhaven Casino, visible high above and aways to the south of it.
** l baffles = 

** l cross = 



(4,2,1) Queen's Balcony



(2,3,1) Princess' Room Extension
She emanates from all corners of her origins here, her room. 

The Princess of Grimhaven will have none but the finest products of modern living. 

She is consistently one of the prettiest maidens to appear in all the lands, and the Royal Guard............

--
A horizontal sign is mounted over the archway.

** l sign = NO FAUNA ALLOWED 


(2,5,1) Prince's Room Extension


(1,1,1) SW Corner
A very large and very ornate palace stands at the center of a plush lawn fronted by three large walls.
The south and west palace defense walls intersect here. 
A large statue is just barely visible over their tops to the southwest, at a major intersection of a wide and clean east-west street and a well maintained north-south road.
Across the road, a place of worship has been constructed.
Across the street, the tops of tall green trees rise in a range about as wide as the lawn.

(5,1,1) SE Corner
A very large and very ornate palace stands at the center of a plush lawn fronted by three large walls.
The south and east palace defense walls intersect here. 
Along and across the road, the good part of town sports some important city businesses and a hospital.
Across the street, the tops of tall green trees rise in a range about as wide as the lawn.


(5,2,1) E Wall
A very large and very ornate palace stands at the center of a plush lawn fronted by three large walls.
Directly to the west is the top of a large archway.
A turfy corridor down below runs north between the palace and the east wall up until a large building.
The smell of hot paper rises from the back of an office across the wall.

(5,3,1) E Wall
A very large and very ornate palace forms a corridor here against the east defense wall.
The strip of grass down at the bottom looks as soft as can be.
Over the wall, and parallel with it, the top of an historic-looking large building extends north.
At the north end, a public venue juxtaposes right onto this royal lay.
Not too far down south over another wall rise the tops of an array of evergreens.

(5,4,1) E Wall
A very large and very ornate palace forms a corridor here against the east defense wall.
The strip of grass down at the bottom looks as soft as can be.
At the north end of the corridor, some public venue juxtaposes right onto the royal lay.
Over the wall, and parallel with it, the top of an historic-looking large building extends north and south.
A ways south over another wall rise the tops of a few evergreens.

(5,5,1) E Wall
The very large and very ornate palace and its east defense wall juxtapose right here against a two story civilian structure.
Across the road past that structure stands the city wall, and then fields and forests off into the distance.
Over the palace defense wall, an historic-looking large building begins a line of important-looking businesses all along it it to the south.
Quite a ways south over another wall rise the tops of a few evergreens.

(1,4,1) End of West Wall
On the top north corner of the western defense wall, an enlarged iron hand with an extended index finger is mounted against a large shield-shaped plaque.
The gap formed between the wall and a large military establishment to the north affords a walkway meeting the regal-looking back entry of the palace.

(1,3,1) W Wall
A very large and very ornate palace and its western defense wall form an alley running from a military establishment to the north on down past the front of the palace.
The wall runs along a well-maintained street, across which there is a large church.
Straight below, the alley floor is green, level, and lush.

(1,2,1) W Wall
A very large and very ornate palace stands at the center of a plush lawn fronted by three large walls.
Directly to the east is the top of a large archway.
A grassy alley down below runs north between the palace and the west wall up until a large military establishment.
Across the road, a large church rises several stories into the sky.


(1,5,1) Above the Walkway




(1,6,1) Above the Training Yard





(2,6,1) Prince's Balcony
This balcony is fairly bare, with just one chair and a smoking table facing off the west side down toward the warrior training yard.
No canopy protects this balcony from the rain, but it is fairly sheltered from the wind by the back of the City Garrison and a recent-looking north extension to the Palace.


(4,6,1) The King's Royal Smoking Balcony



---
** l picture = A nearly lifelike portrait of the King of Grimhaven and Herman Adder shaking hands over an important-looking real estate document.


























